DOCS-7857-Service provider initiated SSO (#70)
mulesoft/docs-access-management: modules/ROOT/pages/managing-your-account.adoc

[NOTE]
You cannot create a new account within an existing organization without an email invitation.

== Sign in to Anypoint Platform

. Navigate to the Anypoint Platform signin screen.
. Enter your username and password.
. Click *Sign in*.

[NOTE]

> If you try to sign in and Anypoint Platform says your username and password are incorrect when you have entered the correct credentials, your organization may use an xref:access-management::external-identity.adoc[external identity provider] to initiate the sign-in process. You can either use your external identity provider to sign you in, or you can xref:access-management::managing-your-account.adoc#use-CustomDomainLogin[enter your organization's domain name] prior to entering your credentials. 

Reviewer: I will just subtly let people know that their Identity Provider credentials shouldn't be entered in our sign-in page.

Author: ```suggestion
If you try to sign in and Anypoint Platform says your username and password are incorrect when you have entered the correct credentials, your organization may use an xref:access-management::external-identity.adoc[external identity provider] to initiate the sign-in process. You can either navigate to your external identity provider's interface to sign in, or you can xref:access-management::managing-your-account.adoc#use-CustomDomainLogin[enter your organization's domain name] prior to entering your credentials. 
```

[[use-CustomDomainLogin]]
== Sign in to Anypoint Platform using Single Sign-on

> If your organization uses xref:access-management::external-identity.adoc[service-provider initiated Single Sign-on], you must provide your organization's domain name as part of the signin process.

Reviewer: I would just make it Single Sign-On in general, as this is valid for the identity provider-initiated SSO case too,
```suggestion
If your organization uses xref:access-management::external-identity.adoc[Single Sign-on],
```

Author: ```suggestion
If your organization uses xref:access-management::external-identity.adoc[Single Sign-on], you must provide your organization's domain name as part of the sign-in process.
```

. Navigate to the Anypoint Platform signin screen.
. Click *Use custom domain*.
. Enter your organization's domain name. If you do not know your organization's domain name, a member of your organization can provide the organization domain name, which is accessible in their user profile.
. Click *Continue*.

> . Under *Sign in with <organization name> SSO*, click *Continue*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Under *Sign in with <organization name> SSO*, click *Continue*, which will redirect you to your IdP.
```

Author: ```suggestion
. Under *Sign in with <organization name> SSO*, click *Continue*.
+ You are redirected to your identity provider.
```

[NOTE]
You cannot create a new account within an existing organization without an email invitation.

== Sign in to Anypoint Platform

. Navigate to the Anypoint Platform signin screen.
. Enter your username and password.
. Click *Sign in*.

[NOTE]

> If you try to sign in and Anypoint Platform says your username and password are incorrect when you have entered the correct credentials, your organization may use an xref:access-management::external-identity.adoc[external identity provider] to initiate the sign in process. You can either use your external identity provider to sign you in, or you can xref:access-management::managing-your-account.adoc#use-SPISSO[enter your organization's custom domain name] prior to entering your credentials. 

Reviewer: I am not sure if this NOTE is necessary. I would remove it, but will let @jbyrum to comment on it,

Author: ```suggestion
If you try to sign in and Anypoint Platform says your username and password are incorrect when you have entered the correct credentials, your organization may use an xref:access-management::external-identity.adoc[external identity provider] to initiate the sign-in process. You can either use your external identity provider to sign you in, or you can xref:access-management::managing-your-account.adoc#use-CustomDomainLogin[enter your organization's domain name] prior to entering your credentials. 
```

> [[use-SPISSO]]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[[use-CustomDomainLogin]]
```

> If you try to sign in and Anypoint Platform says your username and password are incorrect when you have entered the correct credentials, your organization may use an xref:access-management::external-identity.adoc[external identity provider] to initiate the sign-in process. You can either navigate to your external identity provider's interface to sign in, or you can xref:access-management::managing-your-account.adoc#use-CustomDomainLogin[enter your organization's domain name] prior to entering your credentials. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you try to sign in and Anypoint Platform rejects your valid credentials, your organization might use an xref:access-management::external-identity.adoc[external identity provider] to initiate the sign-in process. Either navigate to your external identity provider's interface to sign in, or xref:access-management::managing-your-account.adoc#use-CustomDomainLogin[enter your organization's domain name] before reentering your credentials. 
```

> == Sign in to Anypoint Platform using Service Provider-Initiated Single Sign-on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Sign in to Anypoint Platform using Single Sign-on
```

Reviewer 3: I don't suggest calling out "SP-Initiated" in the header.  This is an implementation detail for org admins only and not end users

> == Sign in to Anypoint Platform using Single Sign-on

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
== Sign in to Anypoint Platform Using Single Sign-on
```

> If your organization uses xref:access-management::external-identity.adoc[service-provider initiated single sign-on], you must provide your organization's custom domain name as part of the signin process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your organization uses xref:access-management::external-identity.adoc[service-provider initiated single sign-on], you must provide your organization's domain name as part of the signin process.
```

Reviewer 3: Whether SSO is SP-initiated or IDP-initiated, is an implementation detail that a user shouldn't care about.  The UX is exactly the same.   This section is really about "Sign in with SSO via the Anypoint Platform Login Page".

. Navigate to the Anypoint Platform signin screen.
. Click *Use custom domain*.

> . Enter your organization's custom domain name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Enter your organization's domain name.
```

Reviewer 3: It would be nice if we told that user how to get the organization's domain name, which is available on the user profile page.

Author: ```suggestion
. Enter your organization's domain name. If you do not know your organization's domain name, a member of your organization can provide the organization domain name, which is accessible in their user profile.
```

. Click *Continue*.

> . Enter your username and password.

Reviewer: This is not the case, they will have an option to continue to their IdP where they will do their idp login and will get redirected to anypoint platform or login with anypoint if the user is a non-federated user as the image below, the image is just for your reference don't add here.
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2031280/80835195-1ff26500-8ba7-11ea-8192-156bb25d6142.png)

Reviewer 3: Right, they just click "Continue".  No need to specify a username or password (that will be handled by their IDP)

> . Enter your username and password.

Author: ```suggestion
. Under *Sign in with <organization name> SSO*, click *Continue*.
```

> . Click *Sign in*.

Author: ```suggestion
```

> . Enter your organization's domain name. If you do not know your organization's domain name, a member of your organization can provide the organization domain name, which is accessible in their user profile.

Reviewer 2: GLOBAL step or list-item format=max 1 sentence:
```suggestion
. Enter your organization's domain name. 
+
+ If you do not know your organization's domain name, you can find it in your user profile or ask another member of your organization for it.
```
? Why wouldn't the user not have it in their own user file?

Author: Because they haven't logged in yet.

Author: ```suggestion
. Enter your organization's domain name.
+
+ If you do not know your organization's domain name, a member of your organization can provide the organization domain name, which is accessible in their user profile.
```

== Sign in to Anypoint Platform

. Navigate to the Anypoint Platform signin screen.
. Enter your username and password.
. Click *Sign in*.

[NOTE]
If you try to sign in and Anypoint Platform rejects your valid credentials, your organization might use an xref:access-management::external-identity.adoc[external identity provider] to initiate the sign-in process. Either navigate to your external identity provider's interface to sign in, or xref:access-management::managing-your-account.adoc#use-CustomDomainLogin[enter your organization's domain name] before reentering your credentials. 

[[use-CustomDomainLogin]]
== Sign in to Anypoint Platform Using Single Sign-on

If your organization uses xref:access-management::external-identity.adoc[Single Sign-on], you must provide your organization's domain name as part of the sign-in process.

. Navigate to the Anypoint Platform signin screen.
. Click *Use custom domain*.
. Enter your organization's domain name.
+
+ If you do not know your organization's domain name, a member of your organization can provide the organization domain name, which is accessible in their user profile.
. Click *Continue*.

> . Under *Sign in with <organization name> SSO*, click *Continue*. + 

Reviewer: This no more applies, if the entered organization domain is valid and the organization is configured with SSO, they will be directly redirected to their SSO provider.
```suggestion 
```
